Welcome everyone to this section on group by in this section.
We're going to be discussing group by an aggregate functions group by is a sequel statement that will
allow us to aggregate data and apply functions to better understand how data is distributed per category
and the section refers going to begin by discussing aggregate functions without any group by applications.
Then we'll learn about group by with Part 1 we'll just discuss the theory behind it and then in part
two will actually show you some implementation of group by statements and PGI admin with PGE sequel.
Then we'll have some challenge tasks for you to solve with group by then we'll discuss the having call
which is going to allow for filtering in conjunction with a group by statement and then we'll have some
challenge tasks to make sure you understood the having statement.
Let's get started.
I'll see you at the next lecture.